README.md, before:

# Easy Embedded Framework

## Description

Easy Embedded (EZ) Framework is an easy-to-use, lightweight, vendor neutral
framework which can be integrated into any embedded system. The framework acts
as the glue code between the application containing the business logics; the
hardware-dependent code such as drivers, startup code; and other third-party
libraries such as RTOS, network stack, file systems. EZ framework provides
seperated layer between the hardware and the business logics so that both
application developers and firmware developers can concerntrate on their
job and leave the intagration to the framework.

## How to build and run the project

### Prerequisites

The framework requires the following packages to run on Linux
- CMAKE (version 3.25 minimum)
- doxygen
- graphviz
- gcovr
- make
- gcc
- python3

Those packages can be installed with the following command:

```bash
apt-get install build-essential cmake doxygen gcovr 
```

### General

Since the framework is hardware-independent so it can be built and tested on
PC running Linux or WSL.

To get the framework, users just simply cloning this repository with:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/QuangHaiNguyen/EasyEmbeddedFramework.git
```

Several cmake presets containing different configuration are prepared:

```bash
cmake --list-presets
```

To build one of the preset (I would recommend the linux_threadx_debug), use
the command:

```bash
cmake --preset=linux_threadx_debug
cmake --build --preset=linux_threadx_debug
```

To run the project, use the command:

```bash
./build_linux_threadx_debug/targets/linux_threadx/ez_target 
```

### Using Docker

A docker file is prepared so that the users don't have to go through all of
the troubles to start development.

To build the docker image, use the command:

```bash
make docker_build_image
```

To start the container, use the command:

```bash
make docker_run_bash
```

Finally, to get all the supported commands, use the command:

```bash
make help
```

### Using github workspace

This project can be opened and run in Github workspace. For more informaion,
please check the following
[file](.devcontainer/devcontainer.json)

## Usage

To integrate the framework to your project, simply add the following command
into your cmake file (provided that the framework is available locally):

```
add_subdirectory(EasyEmbeddedFramework)
```

Then link the framework to your project with:

```
target_link_libraries(YOUR_GREAT_PROJECT PRIVATE easy_embedded_lib)
```

## Running the tests

Test cases are implemented (more will be added in the future) to ensure
the functionality of the framework. To run the test cases (provided that
the linux_test_debug preset is built), use the following command:

```
ctest --preset=linux_test_debug
```

To get the code coverage, use the command:

```
cmake --build --preset=linux_test_debug --target=coverage
```

Last but not list, API document can be generated with the command:

```
cmake --build --preset=linux_test_debug --target=doxygen
```

## License

This framework is released under MIT license. Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Roadmap

- Update documents such as system design, architectural design and module design
- Refactor and add more test cases
- Fix non-working components, e.g. cli, rpc
- System test by integrating the framework to target hardware such as pi pico, stm32, esp32

Commit message:

Update README, add integration section

README.md, after:

# Easy Embedded Framework

## Description

Easy Embedded (EZ) Framework is an easy-to-use, lightweight, vendor neutral
framework which can be integrated into any embedded system. The framework acts
as the glue code between the application containing the business logics; the
hardware-dependent code such as drivers, startup code; and other third-party
libraries such as RTOS, network stack, file systems. EZ framework provides
seperated layer between the hardware and the business logics so that both
application developers and firmware developers can concerntrate on their
job and leave the intagration to the framework.

## How to build and run the project

### Prerequisites

The framework requires the following packages to run on Linux
- CMAKE (version 3.25 minimum)
- doxygen
- graphviz
- gcovr
- make
- gcc
- python3

Those packages can be installed with the following command:

```bash
apt-get install build-essential cmake doxygen gcovr 
```

### General

Since the framework is hardware-independent so it can be built and tested on
PC running Linux or WSL.

To get the framework, users just simply cloning this repository with:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/QuangHaiNguyen/EasyEmbeddedFramework.git
```

Several cmake presets containing different configuration are prepared:

```bash
cmake --list-presets
```

To build one of the preset (I would recommend the linux_threadx_debug), use
the command:

```bash
cmake --preset=linux_threadx_debug
cmake --build --preset=linux_threadx_debug
```

To run the project, use the command:

```bash
./build_linux_threadx_debug/targets/linux_threadx/ez_target 
```

### Using Docker

A docker file is prepared so that the users don't have to go through all of
the troubles to start development.

To build the docker image, use the command:

```bash
make docker_build_image
```

To start the container, use the command:

```bash
make docker_run_bash
```

Finally, to get all the supported commands, use the command:

```bash
make help
```

### Using github workspace

This project can be opened and run in Github workspace. For more informaion,
please check the following
[file](.devcontainer/devcontainer.json)

## Usage

To integrate the framework to your project, simply add the following command
into your cmake file (provided that the framework is available locally):

```
add_subdirectory(EasyEmbeddedFramework)
```

Then link the framework to your project with:

```
target_link_libraries(YOUR_GREAT_PROJECT PRIVATE easy_embedded_lib)
```

## Running the tests

Test cases are implemented (more will be added in the future) to ensure
the functionality of the framework. To run the test cases (provided that
the linux_test_debug preset is built), use the following command:

```
ctest --preset=linux_test_debug
```

To get the code coverage, use the command:

```
cmake --build --preset=linux_test_debug --target=coverage
```

Last but not list, API document can be generated with the command:

```
cmake --build --preset=linux_test_debug --target=doxygen
```

## Integration
Below is the list of projects demonstrating how to integrate EasyEmbedded
framework into a specific target project:
- [Pi Pico](https://github.com/QuangHaiNguyen/EasyEmbeddedFramework-Pico-Integration)


## License

This framework is released under MIT license. Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Roadmap

- Update documents such as system design, architectural design and module design
- Refactor and add more test cases
- Fix non-working components, e.g. cli, rpc
- System test by integrating the framework to target hardware such as pi pico, stm32, esp32
